For-each Feature (#457)
SFDO-Tooling/Snowfakery: docs/index.md

Person(id=10, Name=Kelly Jones, StreetAddress=420 Kings Ave, City=Burnaby)
```

You can use this feature to create "enriched" data by combining real or pre-generated data in a CSV file with fake data from Snowfakery.

You can execute a template exactly once for every line in a

> CSV file (or database table, or Salesforce Query) like this:

Author: https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/Snowfakery/pull/457/commits/b7054d2b2adf278da6ba5fbcc1be10ebcb9aa76a#diff-b4d68dc855d0f9476d3f2ee343853bd21bf82ea9960d0cf06661baa244439dd6R1787

Person(id=10, Name=Kelly Jones, StreetAddress=420 Kings Ave, City=Burnaby)
```

> You can use think of this feature either as using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this feature to create "enriched" data by combining real or pre-generated data in a CSV file with fake data from Snowfakery.
```

> - A CSV file to "enrich" your fake data with real or pre-generated data

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - Snowfakery to "enrich" your real or pre-generated data with fake data

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> If you would like to execute a template exactly once for every line in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute a template exactly once for every line in a
```

> CSV file (or database table, or Salesforce Query), you can do so like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSV file (or database table, or Salesforce Query) like this:
```
